.TH "commands/dispatcher.h" 3 "20 Apr 2010" "Version 0.2" "BNG Bootloader" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
commands/dispatcher.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'registry.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMAX_ARGC\fP   100"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcommand_parse\fP (const char *cmd, char *args[])"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcommand_dispatch\fP (int argc, char *argv[])"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcommand_parse_and_dispatch\fP (const char *cmd)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This files contains various utilities which operate on the commands registry to parse a shell like command string and to call the command with the retrieved arguments. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBdispatcher.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define MAX_ARGC   100"The maximum number of tokens which an array should be able to contain. 
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file dispatcher.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int command_dispatch (int argc, char * argv[])"Takes a list of tokens and its count and executes the registered command. This function takes the first ite in \fIargv\fP and retrieves the command from the registry using this string.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIargc\fP The number of tokens contained in \fIargv\fP. 
.br
\fIargv\fP The tokens as returned by the \fCcommand_parse\fP function.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The status code of the executed command (either 0 or a positive error code if the command execution failed) or a negative error code if it was not possible to call the command. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int command_parse (const char * cmd, char * args[])"Parses a command string and populates an array with the obtained tokens.
.PP
\fBPrecondition:\fP
.RS 4
\fIargs\fP is an array of size \fCMAX_ARGC\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcmd\fP The string containing the command to parse. 
.br
\fIargs\fP The array which will be populated with the tokens obtained by parsing the \fIcmd\fP argument.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The number of found tokens (the count of items in \fIargs\fP) or a negative error code if the function fails. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int command_parse_and_dispatch (const char * cmd)"Shortcut function to directly parse and dispatch a command in one step. This function calls \fCcommand_parse\fP and passes its results to \fCcommand_dispatch\fP 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcmd\fP The string containing the command to parse.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The value returned by the \fCcommand_dispatch\fP function call. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for BNG Bootloader from the source code.
