.TH "todo" 3 "20 Apr 2010" "Version 0.2" "BNG Bootloader" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
todo \- Todo List 
 
.IP "\fBpage \fBAPI Specification\fP \fP" 1c
Move this documentation to another file or to the Sphinx documentation.
.PP
.PP
.PP
 
.IP "\fBGlobal \fBapplication_run\fP() \fP" 1c
Will this method ever return if the application starts correctly?
.PP
.PP
.PP
 
.IP "\fBFile \fBmanager.h\fP \fP" 1c
How can we read the name of a given application? Should we provide a function here or do we read the value directly from the configuration registry? 
.PP
.PP
 
.IP "\fBGlobal \fBpstorage_erase\fP(void *address, int length) \fP" 1c
Define the possible error numbers and their respective meaning.
.PP
.PP
.PP
 
.IP "\fBGlobal \fBpstorage_read\fP(char *buffer, void *address, int length) \fP" 1c
Define the possible error numbers and their respective meaning.
.PP
.PP
.PP
 
.IP "\fBGlobal \fBpstorage_write\fP(const char *buffer, void *address, int length) \fP" 1c
Define the possible error numbers and their respective meaning.
.PP
.PP
.PP
 
.IP "\fBFile \fBregistry.h\fP \fP" 1c
Define the values in the \fCCONFIG_KEY\fP enum. 
.PP
Should we make this interface more generic and not define the config keys using enum values? This woul allow for non hard coded keys but we loose compile-time error checking. If we change the interface in the described way, there will be the need for a \fCconfig_clear\fP function. 
.PP
The two get/set functions are very generic and involve a relatively large amount of code to be used, wouldn't it be better to define the different types of the configuration directives (mainly strings and ints) and to offer type-specific getters and setters (i.e. \fCconfig_get_int\fP)? 
.PP
.PP
 
.IP "\fBGlobal \fBserial_readchar\fP() \fP" 1c
How can we handle errors of this function? Setting a timeout limit and a special return code could do the trick.
.PP
.PP
.PP
 
.IP "\fBGlobal \fBserial_readline\fP(char *buffer) \fP" 1c
Should we set a timeout option? Should we allow to configure the char sequence to identify a line break (\\n, \\r\\n or \\r)? 
.PP
Define the possible error numbers and their respective meaning.
.PP
.PP
.PP
 
.IP "\fBGlobal \fBvstorage_read\fP(char *buffer, void *address, int length) \fP" 1c
Define the possible error numbers and their respective meaning.
.PP
.PP
.PP
 
.IP "\fBGlobal \fBvstorage_write\fP(const char *buffer, void *address, int length) \fP" 1c
Define the possible error numbers and their respective meaning.
.PP
.PP

